com/example/projetIWA/controllers/HomeController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.HomeController
com/example/projetIWA/controllers/LocationsController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.LocationsController
com/example/projetIWA/kafka/KafkaProducerService.java
 com.example.projetIWA.kafka.KafkaProducerService
com/example/projetIWA/kafka/KafkaConsumerConfig.java
 com.example.projetIWA.kafka.KafkaConsumerConfig
com/example/projetIWA/kafka/KafkaTopicConfig.java
 com.example.projetIWA.kafka.KafkaTopicConfig
com/example/projetIWA/kafka/models/UserLocalisation.java
 com.example.projetIWA.kafka.models.UserLocalisation
com/example/projetIWA/ProjetIwaApplication.java
 com.example.projetIWA.ProjetIwaApplication
com/example/projetIWA/SecurityConfig.java
 com.example.projetIWA.SecurityConfig
com/example/projetIWA/controllers/NotificationsController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.NotificationsController
com/example/projetIWA/models/Location.java
 com.example.projetIWA.models.Location
com/example/projetIWA/kafka/KafkaProducerConfig.java
 com.example.projetIWA.kafka.KafkaProducerConfig
com/example/projetIWA/controllers/LocationsViewController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.LocationsViewController
com/example/projetIWA/AdminTokenKeycloak.java
 com.example.projetIWA.AdminTokenKeycloak
com/example/projetIWA/AdminKeycloak.java
 com.example.projetIWA.AdminKeycloak
com/example/projetIWA/models/VerificationToken.java
 com.example.projetIWA.models.VerificationToken
com/example/projetIWA/repositories/NotificationRepository.java
 com.example.projetIWA.repositories.NotificationRepository
com/example/projetIWA/repositories/LocationRepository.java
 com.example.projetIWA.repositories.LocationRepository
com/example/projetIWA/kafka/KafkaConsumerService.java
 com.example.projetIWA.kafka.KafkaConsumerService
com/example/projetIWA/models/User.java
 com.example.projetIWA.models.User
com/example/projetIWA/repositories/VerificationTokenRepository.java
 com.example.projetIWA.repositories.VerificationTokenRepository
com/example/projetIWA/models/Notification.java
 com.example.projetIWA.models.Notification
com/example/projetIWA/controllers/NotificationViewController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.NotificationViewController
com/example/projetIWA/services/NotificationsService.java
 com.example.projetIWA.services.NotificationsService
com/example/projetIWA/services/LocationsService.java
 com.example.projetIWA.services.LocationsService
com/example/projetIWA/controllers/CustomUserAttrController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.CustomUserAttrController
com/example/projetIWA/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.example.projetIWA.repositories.UserRepository
com/example/projetIWA/controllers/WebController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.WebController
com/example/projetIWA/controllers/UsersController.java
 com.example.projetIWA.controllers.UsersController
com/example/projetIWA/services/UsersServices.java
 com.example.projetIWA.services.UsersServices
